index.md, before:

# About Me

## Research

As computing grows in connectivity and heterogeneity, security ought to be regarded as
a first-order design metric. To this end, my research explores cache side-channel attacks,
an intersection of computer architecture, systems security, and operating systems.

## Skills

- Beginner: JavaScript, LaTeX, Synopsys Design Compiler
- Intermediate: Python, Verilog, Xilinx Vivado, ARMv8 Assembly, QEMU Emulator, Raspberry Pi, FPGA
- Proficient: C/C++, gem5 Simulator, x86 Assembly, Unix/Linux CLI

## Publications

Yasin, M., **Zhao, C.**, Rajendran, J. (2019). SFLL-HLS: Stripped-Functionality Logic Locking Meets High-Level Synthesis. ICCAD.

## Contact

If you are a recruiter, please find me at chongzhizhao4 (at) gmail (dot) com.

## Hobby Projects

- [Raspberry Pi Home Surveillance](personal_proj/pi_timolo.md)

- Pyparazzi, a Web Scraping and Data Visualization Python Library

## Bug Bounty Hunting

- [Dogecoin](https://github.com/dogecoin/dogecoin/issues/2625)

## Topics of Notes

- [Cache Side-Channel Attacks](side_channel/contents.md)

- [Linux Kernel](linux/contents.md)

- [The gem5 Simulator](gem5/contents.md)

- [Hardware Reverse-Engineering](hw_reveng/contents.md)

- [Consistency and Coherence](coherence/contents.md)

- [Command Line Tools](tools/contents.md)

- [Cryptography](cryptography/contents.md)

## Motto

And he said to all, "If anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his
cross daily and follow me. For whoever would save his life will lose it, but whoever loses
his life for my sake will save it. For what does it profit a man if he gains the whole world
and loses or forfeits himself? For whoever is ashamed of me and of my words, of him will
the Son of Man be ashamed when he comes in his glory and the glory of the Father and of the
holy angels. But I tell you truly, there are some standing here who will not taste death
until they see the kingdom of God."

**Luke 9:23-27**

Commit message:

modify statement and skills after 2 years

index.md, after:

# About Me

## Statement

As computing grows in connectivity and heterogeneity, security ought to be regarded
as a first-order design metric. With this in mind, I explore computer architecture
and embedded systems.

## Skills

- Beginner: JavaScript, LaTeX, Synopsys Design Compiler
- Intermediate: Python, Verilog, Xilinx Vivado, ARMv8 Assembly, C#, Raspberry Pi, Xilinx FPGA
- Proficient: C/C++, Linux Device Drivers, gem5 Simulator, x86 Assembly, Unix/Linux CLI

## Publications

Yasin, M., **Zhao, C.**, Rajendran, J. (2019). SFLL-HLS: Stripped-Functionality Logic Locking Meets High-Level Synthesis. ICCAD.

## Contact

If you are a recruiter, please contace me at chongzhizhao4 (at) gmail (dot) com.

## Hobby Projects

- [Raspberry Pi Home Surveillance](personal_proj/pi_timolo.md)

- Pyparazzi, a Web Scraping and Data Visualization Python Library

## Bug Bounty Hunting

- [Dogecoin](https://github.com/dogecoin/dogecoin/issues/2625)

## Topics of Notes

- [Cache Side-Channel Attacks](side_channel/contents.md)

- [Linux Kernel](linux/contents.md)

- [The gem5 Simulator](gem5/contents.md)

- [Hardware Reverse-Engineering](hw_reveng/contents.md)

- [Consistency and Coherence](coherence/contents.md)

- [Command Line Tools](tools/contents.md)

- [Cryptography](cryptography/contents.md)

## Motto

And he said to all, "If anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his
cross daily and follow me. For whoever would save his life will lose it, but whoever loses
his life for my sake will save it. For what does it profit a man if he gains the whole world
and loses or forfeits himself? For whoever is ashamed of me and of my words, of him will
the Son of Man be ashamed when he comes in his glory and the glory of the Father and of the
holy angels. But I tell you truly, there are some standing here who will not taste death
until they see the kingdom of God."

**Luke 9:23-27**
